Create rule S6576: Use DateOnly or TimeOnly instead of setting just date or time for a DateTime class (#1730)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6576/whyAnIssue.adoc

> With .NET 6 two new types were introduced the `DateOnly` and `TimeOnly` structs. Before this introduction, if users wanted to represent dates they had to use the `DateTime` struct and set only the date-related properties.
> This left the time-related properties with the default values and so, the `DateTime` structure was overall pointing to midnight of the provided date, and one could not tell by just looking at the object if it was "date only" or not.
> The same applies to the case of time-only usage, with the only difference being that there is no constructor that takes only time-related properties so in most cases developers set the date to January the first of year 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET 6 introduced two new structs, the `DateOnly` and `TimeOnly`. Before these, if users wanted to represent only a Date they had to use the `DateTime` struct, set only the date-related properties and leave the time-related properties 
with the default values. The `DateTime` structure is pointing by default to midnight of the provided date and by observing such an instance of `DateTime` creates confusion about its intention.
The same applies to the case of time-only usage, with the only difference being that there is no constructor that takes only time-related properties so in most cases developers set the date to January the first of year 1.
```
